---
layout: default-layout
title: CVR Module Release Notes - Dynamsoft Capture Vision CPP Edition
description:  The release notes of CaptureVisionRouter module - Dynamsoft Capture Vision CPP Edition.
keywords: release notes, capture vision router, CPP, cvr
needAutoGenerateSidebar: true
noTitleIndex: true
---

# Release Notes - CaptureVisionRouter Module

## 2.2.20 (04/07/2024)

### New

- Added a new class [`CBufferedItemsManager`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}capture-vision-router/auxiliary-classes/buffered-items-manager.html) to manage the buffered character items.
- Added a new method [`GetBufferedItemsManger`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}capture-vision-router/buffered-items.html#getbuffereditemsmanager) to get an object of `CBufferedItemsManager`.

## 2.2.10 (03/01/2024)

### New

- Added new functions to get different types of captured results.
- Added a new function [`GetDecodedBarcodesResult`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}capture-vision-router/auxiliary-classes/captured-result.html#getdecodedbarcodesresult) to the `CCapturedResult` class to get all the result items with the type `CRIT_BARCODE`.
- Added a new function [`GetRecognizedTextLinesResult`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}capture-vision-router/auxiliary-classes/captured-result.html#getrecognizedtextlinesresult) to the `CCapturedResult` class to get all the result items with the type `CRIT_TEXT_LINE`.
- Added a new function [`GetDetectedQuadsResult`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}capture-vision-router/auxiliary-classes/captured-result.html#getdetectedquadsresult) to the `CCapturedResult` class to get all the result items with the type `CRIT_DETECTED_QUAD`.
- Added a new function [`GetNormalizedImagesResult`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}capture-vision-router/auxiliary-classes/captured-result.html#getnormalizedimagesresult) to the `CCapturedResult` class to get all the result items with the type `CRIT_NORMALIZED_IMAGE`.
- Added a new function [`GetParsedResult`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}capture-vision-router/auxiliary-classes/captured-result.html#getparsedresult) to the `CCapturedResult` class to get all the result items with the type `CRIT_PARSED_RESULT`.
- Added new virtual destructors to the following interfaces to prevent memory leaks.
  - [`CCaptureStateListener`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}capture-vision-router/auxiliary-classes/capture-state-listener.html)
  - [`CImageSourceStateListener`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}capture-vision-router/auxiliary-classes/image-source-state-listener.html)
- Added a new class [`CCapturedResult`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}capture-vision-router/auxiliary-classes/captured-result.html) which is migrated from the `DynamsoftCore` library.

### Improved

- Security update for `DynamsoftCaptureVisionRouter` library.
- Supported multiple instances of the class [`CCaptureVisionRouter`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}capture-vision-router/capture-vision-router.html).

### Changed

- Changed the internal logic of the function [`SetResultUnitTypesOnlyForInput`]({{ site.dcv_cpp_api }}core/intermediate-results/observed-parameters.html#setresultunittypesonlyforinput) of `ObservationParameters`. The function only takes effect when the callback of the specified result unit is implemented.

### Fixed

- Fixed a bug where error messages are not output when parsing the parameter templates.

## 2.2.0 (01/16/2024)

### New

- Updated the template system
  - Added `StringLengthRange` for `TextDetectionMode`.
  - Added Argument `BarcodeFormat` for `DPMCodeReadingModes`. Currently, you can specify "BF_DATAMATRIX"  or "BF_QR_CODE" for the parameter.
  - Added `ReferenceTaskNameArray` under `Location.ReferenceObjectFilter` to filter the reference objects generated by the task name.
  - Added the support of the `OutputTaskSetting` definition. The following subparameters are available in `OutputTaskSetting` object:
    - `OutputCondition`
    - `TaskResultArray`
    - `TargetROIDefName`
    - `TaskSettingNameArray`
    - `BackwardReferenceOutput`
    - `ReferenceTaskNameArray`
    - `ReferenceResultTypeArray`
    - `Operator`
  - Updated `TextLineSpecification` to support text line group definition. Added the following subparameters:
    - `OutputResults`
    - `ConcatResults`
    - `ConcatSeparator`
    - `ConcatStringLengthRange`
    - `ConcatStringRegExPattern`
    - `ReferenceGroupName`
    - `TextLinesCount`
    - `SubGroups`
  - Offset parameter is optimized.
    - Added `ReferenceObjectType` to specify whether the reference object is an atomic object or the whole image.
    - Added `ReferenceXAxis` & `ReferenceYAxis` to define the X & Y axis.
    - Modified `FirstPoint`, `SecondPoint`, `ThirdPoint` & `FourthPoint`. You can specify whether the X or Y coordinate of the point is measured by percentage.
    - Deprecated `ReferenceObjectSize` Type.
- The following classes are migrated from `DynamsoftCore` module:
  - `CIntermediateResultReceiver`
  - `CapturedResultReceiver`
  - `CapturedResultFilter`
  - `CIntermediateResultManager`
- Added a new call back method `OnShortLinesUnitReceived` to the `CIntermediateResultReceiver` class. The `CIntermediateResultReceiver` inherited the `CAbstractIntermediateResultReceiver`.
- Added methods `PauseCapturing` and `ResumeCapturing`. Two new `CapturedState` members, `CS_PAUSED` and `CS_RESUMED`, are added as well.
- Added a new property `documentSettings` to struct `SimplifiedCaptureVisionSettings`. The corresponding struct `SimplifiedDocumentNormalizerSettings` is added to the `DynamsoftDocumentNormalizer` module to store the documentSettings.
- Add C interfaces and implementations, which are only used to encapsulate upper-level languages such as c# and python, etc.

### Break Changes

- Changed the logic of the `StopCapturing` method.
  - `CaptureResultReceiver` will not receive results after `stopCapturing` is triggered with `waitForRemainingTasks` false.
  - Support stop capturing after the PauseCapturing method is triggered.
- Changed the logic of the `capturedResultItemTypes` setting of `SimplifiedCaptureVisionSettings`:
  - If the result item types don't match the specified template, the method UpdateSettings will return the error code `EC_PARAMETER_VALUE_INVALID` with the message "The captured result item types do not match the task configurations in the template".
  - Based on the `capturedResultItemTypes` setting, the irrelevant tasks will be removed from the template.
  - The `capturedResultItemTypes` should include at least one of the `CRIT_BARCODE`, `CRIT_TEXT_LINE`, `CRIT_DETECTED_QUAD`, `CRIT_NORMALIZED_IMAGE`. Otherwise, the method `UpdateSettings` will return the error code `EC_PARAMETER_VALUE_INVALID` with the message "The captured result item types should contain at least one task result type".
- Change the compiler option of the runtime library of Windows DLLs from MD to MT.

## 2.0.30 (02/01/2024)

### New

- Added internal APIs to obtain resources based on the specified template.

## 2.0.20 (10/26/2023)

### New

- Added the following preset templates:
  - PT_READ_BARCODES_SPEED_FIRST;
  - PT_READ_BARCODES_READ_RATE_FIRST;
  - PT_READ_BARCODES_BALANCED;
  - PT_READ_SINGLE_BARCODE;
  - PT_READ_DENSE_BARCODES;
  - PT_READ_DISTANT__BARCODES;
  - PT_RECOGNIZE_NUMBERS;
  - PT_RECOGNIZE_LETTERS;
  - PT_RECOGNIZE_NUMBERS_AND_LETTERS;
  - PT_RECOGNIZE_NUMBERS_AND_UPPERCASE_LETTERS;
  - PT_RECOGNIZE_UPPERCASE_LETTERS;
- Added parameter `Page` to `ImageSource` object.
- Added a new parameter `minImageCaptureInterval` which can be set via the struct `SimplifiedCaptureVisionSettings` or the `CaptureVisionTemplate` object of a JSON template file.
- Added "UNKNOWN" as a supported value of the `TextDetectionMode.Direction` parameter. Changed the default value of `Direction` to "UNKNOWN".

### Improved

- Optimize the logic to support calling `IntermediateResultManager.addResultReceiver` and  `IntermediateResultManager.removeResultReceiver` after StartCapturing.
- Added ability to output all templates via methods `outputSettings` and `outputSettingsToFile` by specifying "*" for the parameter `templateName`.

### Fixed

- Small fixes and tweaks.

## 2.0.10 (08/08/2023)

### Improved

- Improved the implementation of the `StopCapturing` method to prevent deadlock when invoked in the management thread.

## 2.0.0 (07/04/2023)

The first version of DynamsoftCaptureVisionRouter CPP edition.
