---
layout: default-layout
title: Index - Dynamsoft Capture Vision C++ Edition
description: The introduction of Dynamsoft Capture Vision C++ edition.
keywords: API reference, index, c++
needAutoGenerateSidebar: true
---

# Introduction to Dynamsoft Capture Vision C++ Edition

Dynamsoft Capture Vision (DCV) C++ Edition enables you to develop highly customizable applications for barcode reading, label recognition, document border detection, and result parsing with C++ language.

Dynamsoft Capture Vision is an aggregating SDK of a series of specific functional products including:

- Dynamsoft Barcode Reader (DBR): enables users to quickly deploy barcode scanning functionality on all common barcodes such as 1D, QR, PDF417, etc.

- Dynamsoft Label Recognizer (DLR): recognizes meaningful zonal text or symbols within an image, commonly referred to as a "Label" in this context.

- Dynamsoft Document Normalizer (DDN): detects quadrilaterals (or "quads") in images, such as document or table boundaries, and then perform document normalization on the images within those detected quads.

- Dynamsoft Code Parser (DCP): extracts meaningful fields from text/bytes into human-readable information, typically used for post-processing results generated by DBR/DLR.


## Getting Started with DCV C++ Edition

The best way to begin with Dynamsoft Capture Vision C++ Edition is to follow the guides for specific use cases.

- [User Guide for Barcode Reader]({{ site.dbr_cpp }}user-guide.html)

- [User Guide for MRZ Scanner]({{ site.dcvb_cpp }}user-guide/mrz-scanner.html)

- [User Guide for Document Scanner]({{ site.dcvb_cpp }}user-guide/document-scanner.html)


## System Requirements

- Windows:
  - Supported Versions: Windows 8 and higher, or Windows Server 2012 and higher
  - Architecture: x64 and x86
  - Development Environment: Visual Studio 2012 or higher.

- Linux:
  - Supported Distributions: Ubuntu 14.04.4+ LTS, Debian 8+, CentOS 7+
  - Architectures: x64 and ARM 64-bit
  - Minimum GLIBC Version: GLIBC_2.18 or higher
  - Compiler: G++ 5.4 or higher

- macOS (not included in the trial package, contact us to get the SDK)
  - Supported Versions: 10.15+
  - Architecture: x64 and ARM 64-bit

## API Reference

For an overview of the APIs, see the [API Reference]({{ site.dcvb_cpp_api }}).

## Release Notes

For a peek of DCV C++ Edition history, check the [Release Notes]({{ site.dcvb_cpp }}release-notes/index.html).

### License Subscription

To develop and run your application with Dynamsoft Capture Vision SDK, you need an active license key:

* <a href = "https://www.dynamsoft.com/customer/license/trialLicense?utm_source=docs&product=DCV&package=c_cpp" target = "_blank">Request a 30-day free trial license</a>

### Contact Us

<a href = "https://www.dynamsoft.com/company/customer-service/#contact" target = "_blank">Feel free to contact us if you have any questions.</a>
