---
layout: default-layout
title: Index - Dynamsoft Capture Vision Python Edition
description: The introduction of Dynamsoft Capture Vision Python Edition.
keywords: API reference, index, python
needAutoGenerateSidebar: true
---

# Introduction to Dynamsoft Capture Vision Python Edition

Dynamsoft Capture Vision (DCV) Python Edition enables you to develop highly customizable applications for barcode reading, label recognition, document border detection, and result parsing with Python.

Dynamsoft Capture Vision Bundle is an aggregating SDK of a series of specific functional products including:

- Dynamsoft Barcode Reader (DBR): enables users to quickly deploy barcode scanning functionality on all common barcodes such as 1D, QR, PDF417, etc.

- Dynamsoft Label Recognizer (DLR): recognizes meaningful zonal text or symbols within an image, commonly referred to as a "Label" in this context.

- Dynamsoft Document Normalizer (DDN): detects quadrilaterals (or "quads") in images, such as document or table boundaries, and then perform document normalization on the images within those detected quads.

- Dynamsoft Code Parser (DCP): extracts meaningful fields from text/bytes into human-readable information, typically used for post-processing results generated by DBR/DLR.

## System Requirements

- Operating Systems:
  - Windows x64
  - Linux x64, ARM 64-bit
  - macOS (Universal) 12+

- Python Versions:
  - Python 3.13
  - Python 3.12
  - Python 3.11
  - Python 3.10
  - Python 3.9
  - Python 3.8

- For Embedded Devices:
For embedded or ARM-based platforms, we recommend using a device with performance equivalent to or better than a Raspberry Pi 4 Model B (4GB RAM). Minimum recommended specs:
  - Quad-core ARM Cortex-A72 processor (or equivalent)
  - 4 GB RAM
  - Linux-based OS (e.g., Raspberry Pi OS, Ubuntu Server)

> [!NOTE]
> Other architectures and operating systems, such as ESP32, MIPS, FreeRTOS, and Micrium uC/OS, are not supported.

## Getting Started with DCV Python Edition

The best way to begin with Dynamsoft Capture Vision Python Edition is to follow the guides for specific use cases.

- [User Guide for Barcode Reader]({{ site.dbr_python }}user-guide.html)

- [User Guide for MRZ Scanner]({{ site.dcvb_python }}user-guide/mrz-scanner.html)

- [User Guide for Document Scanner]({{ site.dcvb_python }}user-guide/document-scanner.html)

## API Reference

For an overview of the APIs, see the [API Reference]({{ site.dcvb_python_api }}).

## Release Notes

For a peek of DCV Python Edition history, check the [Release Notes]({{ site.dcvb_python }}release-notes/index.html).

## License Subscription

To develop and run your application with Dynamsoft Capture Vision SDK, you need an active license key:

* <a href = "https://www.dynamsoft.com/customer/license/trialLicense?utm_source=docs&product=dcv&package=python" target = "_blank">Request a 30-day free trial license</a>

## Contact Us

<a href = "https://www.dynamsoft.com/company/customer-service/#contact" target = "_blank">Feel free to contact us if you have any questions.</a>
